docs: expand docs on meta `theme-color` (#2134)
system-ui/theme-ui: packages/docs/src/pages/guides/theme-color-meta-tag.mdx

# Theme Color Meta Tag

> _Learn more about `<meta/>` theme color on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Learn more about `<meta />` theme color on
```

[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meta/name/theme-color)
and [CSS Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/meta-theme-color-and-trickery/)._

### with `useThemeUI`

> Grab your theme from the context with `useThemeUI` and use your framework's
> method of adding a meta tag to use your framework’s method of adding a meta tag
> to `<head />`

Reviewer: Duplicate text here! Might expand while we're at it:
```suggestion
Grab your theme from the context with `useThemeUI`, pick either a background
or accent color from the palette, then use your framework’s method of adding
a meta tag to add to `<head />`.
```

Author: Thanks, mate! I love this new version.
